     试题(1)
Ⅱ语言知识及应用(共两节，满分35分)
  第一节  完形填空(共10小题；每小题2分，满分20分)
    阅读下面短文，掌握其大意，然后从21―30各题所给的A、B、C和D项中，选出最佳选项，并在答题卡上将该项涂黑。
  Wouldn't it be great if we didn't have to remember passwords (密码) ever again？If we could just sit in front of our computers and be   21    logged in (登录? Crave mentions how NECSoft BiodeLogon system uses face recognition technology to log you on to Windows, rather than using a  22  All you need is a webcam and your pretty face to   23   your PC. No more 24   , confusing passwords to remember or change every few months.
After doing a little research, I found this type of  25   already available to consumers via a relatively   26   application called FaceCode. The  27 requires the use of a webcam to recog- nize and log PC users into their systems. You can add as many  28  as you want, provided they each have a Windows account. If the system   29   to recognize your  30  , you can recall the Windows user name and password by using a hot-key combination.
21. A. automatically B. personally	 	C. correctly 		D. occasionally
22. A. face		B. password		C. software		D. system
23. A. access		B. connect		C. recognize		D. remember
24. A. simple		B. complicated	C. special			D. useful
25. A. computer	B. technology		C. password		D. application
26. A. independent	B. infrequent		C. inexpensive		D. instant
27. A. account		B. consumer		C. designer		D. software
28. A. users		B. passwords		C. systems		D. computers
29. A. begins		B. tries			C. fails			D. stops
30. A. account		B. name			C. password		D. face
第二节  语法填空(共10小题；每小题1．5分，满分15分)
    阅读下面短文，按照句子结构的语法性和上下文连贯的要求，在空格处填人一个适当的
词或使用括号中词语的正确形式填空，并将答案填写在答题卡标号为3l-40的相应位置上。

I was on my way to the Taiyetos Mountains. The sun was setting when my car31  (break) down near a remote and poor village. Cursing my misfortune, I was wondering where I was going to spend the night when I realized that the villagers who had gathered around me were arguing as to 32should have the honor of receiving me  33  a guest in their house. Finally, I accepted the offer of an old woman who lived alone in a little house. While she was getting me   34 (settle) into a tiny but clean room, the head of the village was tying up his horse to my car to pull it to  a 35   small town some 20 kilometres away 36 there was a garage. 
   I had noticed three hens running free in my hostess's courtyard and that night one of them ended up in a dish on my table.    37   villagers brought me goat's cheese and hone. We drank together and talked   38  (merry) till far into the night.
    When the time came for me to say goodbye to my friends in the village, I wanted to reward the old woman   39  the trouble I had caused   40  .
Ⅲ阅读(共两节，满分40分)
第―节  阅渎理解(共15小题；每小题2分，满分30分)
    阅读―列短文，从每题所给的A、B、C和D项中，选出最佳选项，并在答题卡上将    该项涂黑。
                                   A
    How should one invest a sum of money in these clays of inflation (通货膨胀)? Left in a bank it will hardly keep its value, however high the interest rate. Only a brave man, or a very rich one, dares to buy and sell on the Stock Market. Today it seems that one of the best ways to protect your savings, and even increase your wealth is to buy beautiful objects from the past. Here I am going to offer some advice on collecting antique clocks, which I personally consider are among the most interesting of antiques.
   I sometimes wonder what a being from another planet might report back about our way of life. "The planet Earth is ruled by a mysterious creature that sits or stands in a room and makes a strange ticking sound. It has a face with twelve black marks and two hands. Men can do nothing without its permission, and it fastens its young round people's wrists so that everywhere men go they are still under its control. This creature is the real master of Earth and men are its slaves."
     Whether or not we are slaves of time today depends on our culture and personality, but it is believed that many years ago kings kept special slaves to tell the time. Certain men were very clever at measuring the time of clay according to the beating of their own hearts. They were made to stand in a fixed place and every hour or so would shout tire time. So it seems that the first clocks were human beings.
     However, men quickly found more convenient and reliable ways of telling the time. They learned to use the shadows cast by the sun. They marked the hours on candles, used sand in hour- glasses, and invented water-clocks. Indeed, any serious student of antique should spend as much time as possible visiting palaces, stately homes and museums to see some of the finest examples of clocks from the past.
    Antique clocks could be very expensive, but one of the joys of collecting clocks is that it is still possible to find quite cheap ones for your own home. After all, if you are going to be ruled by time, why not invest in air antique clock and perhaps make a future profit?
41. According to the passage, collecting antique clocks____.
    A. can hardly keep the value of your savings 
    B. will cost much of your savings
    C. may increase your wealth 
    D. needs your bravery
42. By quoting (引用) the remark of a being from another planet, the author intends to____.
A. suggest human beings are controlled by a clock
B. describe why clocks can rule the planet Earth
C. tell readers what clocks look like
D. compare chicks to human beings
43. Which of the following is NOT mentioned as a way to measure the time?
A. Counting the beating of one's own heart.
B. Making use of candles, sand and water.
C. Observing shadows cast by the sun.
D. Keeping slaves busy day and night.
44. The underlined phrase stately homes in paragraph 4 means
    A. state-owned houses
    B. houses in very good condition
    C. grand houses open to the public
    D. houses where statesmen meet regularly
45. The purpose of the passage is
A. to introduce the culture of antique clocks
B. to offer some advice on collecting antique clocks
C. to compare different ways to make a future profit
D. to explain convenient and reliable ways of telling time
                                     B
      Do you want to live with a strong sense of peacefulness, happiness, goodness, and self- respect? The collection of happiness actions broadly categorized as "honor" help you create this life of good feelings.
      Here's an example to show how honorable actions create happiness.
     Say a store clerk fails to charge us for an item. If we keep silent, and profit from the clerk's mistake, we would drive home with a sense of sneaky excitement. Later we might tell our family or friends about our good fortune. On the other hand, if we tell the clerk about the uncharged item, the clerk would be grateful and thank us for our honesty. We would leave the store with a quiet sense of honor that we might never share with another soul.
     Then, what is it to do with our sense of happiness?
     In the first case, where we don't tell the clerk, a couple of things would happen. Deep down inside we would know ourselves as a type of thief. In the process, we would lose some peace of mind and self-respect. We would also demonstrate that we cannot lie trusted, since we advertise our dishonor by telling our family and friends. We damage our own reputations by telling others. In contrast, bringing the error to the clerk's attention causes different things to happen. Immediately the clerk knows us to be honorable. Upon leaving the store, we feel honorable and our self-respect is increased.  Whenever we take honorable action we gain the deep internal rewards of goodness and a sense of nobility.
     There is a beautiful positive cycle that is created by living a life of honorable actions. Honorable thoughts lead to honorable actions. Honorable actions lead us to a happier existence. And it's easy to think and act honorably again when we're happy. While the positive cycle can be difficult to start, once it's started, it's easy to continue. Keeping on doing good deeds brings us peace of mind, which is important for our happiness.
46. According to the passage, the positive action in the example contributes to our
A. self-respect B. financial rewards C. advertising ability D. friendly relationship
47. The author thinks that keeping silent about the uncharged item is equal to___.
A. lying     B. stealing     C. cheating     D. advertising
48. The phrase "bringing the error to the clerk's attention" (in para. 5) means___.
A. telling the truth to the clerk B. offering advice to the clerk
C. asking the clerk to be more attentive D. reminding the clerk of the charged item
49. How will we feel if we let the clerk know her mistake?
A. We'll be very excited.         B. We'll feel unfortunate.
C. We'll have a sense of honor.    D. We'll feel sorry for the clerk.
50. Which of the following can be the best title of this passage.*
A. How to Live Truthfully        B. Importance of Peacefulness
C. Ways of Gaining Self-respect   D. Happiness through Honorable Actions

C
      Malaria, the world's most widespread parasitic(寄生虫引起的) disease, kills as many as three million people every year―almost all of whom are under five, very poor, and African. In most years, more than five hundred million cases of illness result from the disease, although exact numbers are difficult to assess because many people don't (or can't) seek care. It is not unusual for a family earning less than two hundred dollars a year to spend a quarter of its income on malaria treatment, and what they often get no longer works. In countries like Tanzania, Mozambique, and the Gambia, no family, village, hospital, or workplace can remain unaffected for long. 
   Malaria starts suddenly, with violent chills, which are soon followed by an intense fever and, often, headaches. As the parasites multiply, they take over the entire body. Malaria parasites live by eating the red blood cells they infect (感染). They can also attach themselves to blood vessels in the brain. If it doesn't kill you, malaria can happen again and again for years. The disease passed on to humans by female mosquitoes infected with one of four species of parasite. Together, the mosquito and the parasite are the most deadly couple in the history of the earth―and one of the most successful. Malaria has five thousand genes, and its ability to change rapidly to defend itself and resist new drugs has made it nearly impossible to control. Studies show that mosquitoes are passing on the virus more frequently, and there are more outbreaks in cities with large populations. Some of the disease's spread is due to global warming.
    For decades, the first-choice treatment for malaria parasites in Africa has been chloroquine, a chemical which is very cheap and easy to make. Unfortunately, in most parts of the world, malaria parasites have become resistant to it. Successful alternatives that help prevent resistance are already available, but they have been in short supply and are very expensive. If these drugs should fail, nobody knows what would come next.
51. According to paragraph 1, many people don't seek care because___.
    A. they are too poor
    B. it is unusual to seek care
    C. they can remain unaffected for long
    D. there are too many people suffering from the disease
52. People suffering from malaria___.
    A. have to kill female mosquitoes
    B. have ability to defend parasites
    C. have their red blood cells infected
    D. have sudden fever, followed by chills
53. Which of the following may be the reason for the wide spread of the disease?
    A. Its resistance to global warming.
    B. Its ability to pass on the virus frequently.
    C. Its outbreaks in cities with large populations. 
    D. Its ability to defend itself and resist new drugs.
54. It can be inferred from the passage that___.
    A. no drugs have been found to treat the disease
    B. the alternative treatment is not easily available to most people
    C. malaria has developed its ability to resist parasites
    D. nobody knows what will be the drug to treat the disease
55. Which of the following questions has NOT been discussed in the passage?
    A. How can we know one is suffering from malaria?
    B. How many people are killed by malaria each year?
    C. Why are there so many people suffering from malaria7
    D. What has been done to keep people unaffected for long7

第二节  信息匹配(共5小题；每小题2分，满分10分)
    阅读下列应用文及相关信息，并按照要求匹配信息。请在答题卡上将对应题号的相应选项字母涂黑。
以下是广告信息：


以下是与广告相关的读者来信。请匹配来信与它们所对应的广告。
56.                                                          May 15，2006
Gentleman,
    The enclosed advertisement for your organization comes from the April issue of    Cosmopolitan. I am interested in doing volunteer work for abused children and would 1ike to    have your information booklet. My address is as follows:
                             6 Villa Maurice，
                             92160 Antony France
    Yours truly，
    D. Gruber
57.                                                     January 15, 2006
    Dear Sir or Madam，
   I am interested in writing adventure stories for children. Please send information on the    course you offer to the following address:
                                5481 Torrance Blvd，
                                Torrance, CA 90503
    Yours faithfully，
    Irene Ponbs (Ms)
    58.                                                          April 14，2006
    Dear Sir or Madam,
    I am interested in finding a part-time job in the morning. Please send information to the     following address:
                            2955 Pacific Coast Highway,
                            Torrance,CA 90505
    Sincerely,
    M. E. Nielson (Mr)
    59.
    1068 Baxter Road, 
    Loveland, Ohio 45140
    March 13，2006
    Dear Sir or Madam,
    Please send me your catalog and information on the service you offer. I have a small    business and have been robbed several times.
  Yours truly，
J. Barnes
  60.
     Am Frankenheim 21,
     5000 Koln 40 Germany
     June 1, 2006
     Dear Sir,
     I would like to receive the list mentioned in your recent advertisement, as well as more     information about L.A. Parent. I enclose a self-addressed envelope.
Yours faithfully,
H. Wolf
Ⅳ 写作(共两节，满分40分)
第一节  基础写作(共1小题，满分15分)
上周，我们以“谁是你的偶像”为题，在2600名学生中进行了一次调查(survey)。以下是调查数据：

偶像(idol)
女生
男生
伟    人
18%
18%
父    母
25%
11%
影视明星
50%
14%
体育明星
6%
48%
没有偶像
1%
9%

[写作内容]
根据以上数据，写一篇短文，包括以下内容：
  1．调查时间、调查问题以及调查对象；
  2．男女生在以明星为偶像方面的差异；
  3．“父母”在男女生偶像中的排序差异；
  4．男女生在以伟人为偶像方面的异同；
  5．你的偶像及理由。
  [写作要求]
  1．只能使用5个句子表达全部内容；
  2．文中不能出现真实姓名和学校名称。
[评分标准]
    句子结构准确，信息内容完整，篇章结构连贯。
第二节  读写任务(共l小题，满分25分)
    阅读下面的短文，然后按照要求写一篇150词左右的英语短文。
Dear Ari,
     As you sleep in my arms, I'm amazed at how light you feel. I stare at your tiny body, so fragile that a sudden wind could lift you up into the air. I love this feeling of protecting you and dreaming of all I have in store for you.
     I intend to bring you up to be brave and successful in an often difficult society. That's why your mommy and I have named you Ari, which means "lion". It's our hope that you will grow strong and eagerly grasp every opportunity to do well for yourself and others.
     Before you came into the world, we had spent months imagining what you'd be like. Would you be a boy or a girl? Would you look like Mommy, Daddy or your elder brothers? Anyway, we would find out soon.
     Finally your mother's labor came. And several hours later, we met the first time. I held you high up in the air. I then was able to cut your umbilical cord (脐带) and put you in your mother's arms. She still had enough energy to radiate the love while she pressed you to her face.
     And here we are tonight. As I hold you close, you sleep so peacefully. I press my ear to your chest and hear your strength. I am listening to the first beats of a lion's heart. Welcome to the world, Ari.
      Love,
      Daddy 
[写作内容]
    假设你就是信中的Ari，父亲在你出生的时候写了这封信。今天是父亲50岁生日，你准备以写信的方式，祝贺他的生日。以下是信的内容(信的开头和结尾已经为你写好)：
1．以约30个词概括父亲在他信中对你的期望；
2．以约120个词表达你对父亲的感恩，并包括如下要点：
(1)读信后的感受；
(2)以你自己成长的经历说明你的感受；
(3)表达你对父亲的感激和祝福。
 [写作要求]
1．作文中可使用自己的亲身经历或虚构的故事，也可以参照阅读材料的内容但不得直接    引用原文中的句子；
2．信中不能出现真实姓名和学校名称。
 [评分标准]
概括准确，语言规范，内容合适，篇章连贯。
答案

完形填空
21-30  ABABB    CDACD 

语法填空
31. broke     32. who      33. as          34.settled     35. a     
36. where    37. Other      38. merrily     39. for       40. her 

阅读理解
41-55  CADCB     ABACD    ACDBD 

信息匹配
56-60   EBDCA 


试题（2）

Ⅱ 语言知识及应用 (共两节，满分35分)
第一节 完形填空 (共10小题；每小题2分，满分20分)
    阅读下面短文，掌握其大意，然后从21―30各题所给的A、B、C和D项中，选出最佳选项，并在答题卡上将该项涂黑。
    Tales of the supernatural are common in all parts of Britain. In particular, there was (and perhaps still is) a belief in fairies(仙女). Not all of these   21   are the friendly, people-loving characters that appear in Disney films, and in some folktales they are   22   and cause much human suffering. This is true in the tales about the Changeling. These tell the story of a mother whose baby grows   23   and pale and has changed so much that it is almost   24   to the parents. It was then   25   that the fairies had come and stolen the baby away and   26   the human baby with a fairy Changeling. There were many ways to prevent this from happening: hanging a knife over the baby’s head while he slept or covering him with some of his father’s clothes were just two of the recommended   27  . However, hope was not lost even if the baby had been   28  . In those cases there was often a way to get the   29   baby back. You could   30  
the Changeling on the fire--then it would rise up the chimney, and you would hear the sound of fairies’ laughter and soon after you would find your own child safe and sound nearby.
21. A. babies    		B. believers    		C. fairies 			D. supermen
22. A. powerful    	B. cruel    			C. frightened 			D. extraordinary
23. A. sick    		B. slim    			C. short 				D. small
24. A. uncomfortable  	B. unbelievable    	C. unacceptable 		D. unrecognizable
25. A. feared    		B. predicted    		C. heard 				D. reported
26. A. covered    		B. changed    		C. replaced 			D. terrified
27. A. cases    		B. tools    			C. steps				D. methods
28. A. missed    		B. stolen    			C. found 			D. lost
29. A.1ittle    		B. pale    			C. sad 				D. real
30. A. seize    		B. burn    			C. place 				D. hold

第二节 语法填空 (共10小题，每小题1.5分，满分15分)
    阅读下面短文，按照句子结构的语法性和上下文连贯的要求，在空格处填入一个适当的词或使用括号中词语的正确形式填空，并将答案填写在答题卡标号为31～40的相应位置上。
    Chinese proverbs are rich and they are still widely used in Chinese people’s daily life.   31   these proverbs there are often interesting stories. For example, the proverb, “plucking up a crop   32  (help) it grow”, is based on the following story. 
    It is said that a short―tempered man in the Song Dynasty (960―1279) was very anxious to help   33  rice crop grow up quickly. He was thinking about   34   day and night. But the crop was growing much slower than he expected.
    One day, he came up with an idea   35   he would pluck up all of his crop a few inches. He did so the next day.
    He was very tired   36   doing this for a whole day,   37   he felt very happy since the crop did “grow”  38  (high).
    His son heard about this and went to see the crop. Unfortunately the leaves of the crop began to wither.
This proverb is saying we have to let things go in their   39  (nature) course. Being too anxious to help an event develop often   40  (result) in the contrary to our intention.

Ⅲ 阅读 (共两节，满分40分)
第一节 阅读理解 (共15小题；每小题2分，满分30分)
    阅读下列短文，从每题所给的A、B、C和D项中，选出最佳选项，并在答题卡上将该项涂黑。
A
Parents and kids today dress alike, listen to the same music, and are friends. Is this a good thing? Sometimes, when Mr. Ballmer and his 16-year-old daughter, Elizabeth, listen to rock music together and talk about interests both enjoy, such as pop culture, he remembers his more distant relationship with his parents when he was a teenager.
“I would never have said to my mom, ‘Hey, the new Weezer album is really great. How do you like it?’” says Ballmer. “There was just a complete gap in taste.”
Music was not the only gulf. From clothing and hairstyles to activities and expectations, earlier generations of parents and children often appeared to move in separate orbits.
Today, the generation gap has not disappeared, but it is getting narrow in many families. Conversations on subjects such as sex and drugs would not have taken place a generation ago. Now they are comfortable and common. And parent―child activities, from shopping to sports, involve a feeling of trust and friendship that can continue int0 adulthood.
No wonder greeting cards today carry the message, “To my mother, my best friend.”
But family experts warn that the new equality can also result in less respect for parents. “There’s still a lot of strictness and authority on the part of parents out there, but there is a change happening,” says Kerrie, a psychology professor at Lebanon Valley College. “In the middle of that change, there is a lot of confusion among parents.” 
Family researchers offer a variety of reasons for these evolving roles and attitudes. They see the 1960s as a turning point. Great cultural changes led to more open communication and a more democratic process that encourages everyone to have a say. 
“My parents were on the ‘before’ side of that change, but today’s parents, the 40-year-olds, were on the  ‘after’ side,” explains Mr. Ballmer. “It’s not something easily accomplished by parents these days, because life is more difficult to understand or deal with, but sharing interests does make it more fun to be a parent now.”

41. The underlined word gulf in Para.3 most probably means _________.
A. interest
B. distance
C. difference
D. separation
42. Which of the following shows that the generation gap is disappearing?
A. Parents help their children develop interests in more activities.
B. Parents put more trust in their children’s abilities.
C. Parents and children talk more about sex and drugs.
D. Parents share more interests with their children.
43. The change in today’s parent-child relationship is _________.
A. more confusion among parents
B. new equality between parents and children
C.1ess respect for parents from children
D. more strictness and authority on the part of parents
44. By saying “today’s parents, the 40-year-olds, were on the ‘after’ side.” the author means that today’s parents _________.
A. follow the trend of the change
B. can set a limit to the change
C. fail to take the change seriously
D. have little difficulty adjusting to the change
45. The purpose of the passage is to _________.
A. describe the difficulties today’s parents have met with
B. discuss the development of the parent―child relationship
C. suggest the ways to handle the parent―child relationship
D. compare today’s parent―child relationship with that in the past

B
Sometimes you’ll hear people say that you can’t love others until you love yourself. Sometimes you’ll hear people say that you can’t expect someone else to love you until you love yourself. Either way, you’ve got to love yourself first and this can be tricky. Sure we all know that we’re the apple of our parents’ eyes, and that our Grandmas think we’re great talents and our Uncle Roberts think that we will go to the Olympics. but sometimes it’s a lot harder to think such nice thoughts about ourselves. If you find that believing in yourself is a challenge. it is time you build a positive self-image and learn to love yourself.
Self-image is your own mind’s picture of yourself. This image includes the way you look, the way you act, the way you talk and the way you think. Interestingly, our self-images are often quite different from the images others hold about US. Unfortunately, most of these images are more negative than they should be. Thus changing the way you think about yourself is the key to changing your self-image and your whole world.
The best way to defeat a passive self-image is to step back and decide to stress your successes. That is, make a list if you need to, but write down all of the great things you do every day. Don’t allow doubts to occur in it. 
It very well might be that you are experiencing a negative self-image because you can’t move past one flaw or weakness that you see about yourself. Well, roll up your sleeves and make a change of it as your primary task. If you think you’re silly because you aren’t good at math, find a tutor. If you think you’re weak because you can’t run a mile, get to the track and practice. If you think you’re dull because you don’t wear the latest trends, buy a few new clothes. But remember, just because you think it doesn’t mean it’s true. 
The best way to get rid of a negative serf-image is to realize that your image is far from objective, and to actively convince yourself of your positive qualities. Changing the way you think and working on those you need to improve will go a long way towards promoting a positive self-image. When you can pat(拍) yourself on the back, you’ll know you’re well on your way. Good luck!

46. You need to build a positive self-image when you _________.
A. dare to challenge yourself
B. feel it hard to change yourself
C. are unconfident about yourself
D. have a high opinion of yourself
47. According to the passage, our serf-images _________.
A. have positive effects
B. are probably untrue
C. are often changeable
D. have different functions
48. How should you change your serf-image according to the passage?
A. To keep a different image of others.
B. To make your life successful.
C. To understand your own world.
D. To change the way you think.
49. What is the passage mainly about?
A. How to prepare for your success.    
B. How to face challenges in your life.
C. How to build a positive self-image.
D. How to develop your good qualities.
50. Who are the intended readers of the passage?
A. Parents.
B. Adolescents.
C. Educators.
D. People in general.

C
Napoleon, as a character in Tolstoy’s War and Peace, is more than once described as having “fat little hands.’’ Nor does he “sit well or firmly on the horse.’’ He is said to be “undersized.’’ with“short legs’’ and a “round stomach”. The issue here is not the accuracy of Tolstoy’s description--it seems not that far off from historical accounts but his choice of facts：other things that could be said of the man are not said. We are meant to understand the difference of a warring commander in the body of a fat little Frenchman. Tolstoy’s Napoleon could be any man wandering in the streets and putting a little of powdered tobacco up his nose―and that is the point.
It is a way the novelist uses to show the moral nature of a character. And it turns out that, as Tolstoy has it, Napoleon is a crazy man. In a scene in Book Three of War and Peace, the wars having reached the critical year of 1812,Napoleon receives a representative from the Tsar(沙皇), who has come with peace terms. Napoleon is very angry：doesn’t he have more army? He, not the Tsar, is the one to make the terms. He will destroy all of Europe if his army is stopped. “That is what you will have gained by engaging me in the war!” he shouts. And then, Tolstoy writes, Napoleon “walked silently several times up and down the room, his fat shoulders moving quickly.’’ 
Still later, after reviewing his army amid cheering crowds, Napoleon invites the shaken Russian to dinner. “He raised his hand to the Russian’s…face,” Tolstoy writes, and “taking him by the ear pulled it gently….” To have one’s ear pulled by the Emperor was considered the greatest honor and mark of favor at the French court. “Well, well, why don’t you say anything?’’ said he, as if it was ridiculous in his presence to respect any one but himself, Napoleon. 
Tolstoy did his research, but the composition is his own.

51. Tolstoy’s description of Napoleon in War and Peace is _________.
A. far from the historical facts
B. based on the Russian history
C. based on his selection of facts
D. not related to historical details
52. Napoleon was angry when receiving the Russian representative because _________.
A. he thought he should be the one to make the peace terms
B. the Tsar's peace terms were hard to accept
C. the Russians stopped his military movement
D. he didn’t have any more army to fight with
53. What did Napoleon expect the Russian representative to do?
A. To walk out of the room in anger.
B. To show agreement with him.
C. To say something about the Tsar.
D. To express his admiration.
54. Tolstoy intended to present Napoleon as a man who is _________.
A. ill-mannered in dealing with foreign guests
B. fond of showing off his iron will
C. determined in destroying all of Europe
D. crazy for power and respect
55. What does the last sentence of the passage imply?
A. A writer doesn’t have to be faithful to his findings.
B. A writer may write about a hero in his own way.
C. A writer may not be responsible for what he writes.
D. A writer has hardly any freedom to show his feelings.

第二节 信息匹配 (共5小题；每小题2分，满分10分)
阅读下列应用文及相关信息，并按照要求匹配信息。请在答题卡上将对应题号的相应选项字母涂黑。
以下是为留英学生编写的系列留学指南的简介：
A. The number―one guide to what to study in the UK
This two-volume Guide features up-to-date and in-depth information about UK course options and institutions. It also includes course charts, teaching and research ratings, and advice on choosing your course.

B. The A to Z of where to study in the UK
A reference directory of UK institutions belonging to the British Council’s Education Counselling Service. Includes easy-to-use comparative data on everything from accommodation to courses and fees.

C. The essential online guide to UK education
This site gives you instant access to a wide range of information on studying and living in the UK, including hotlinks to the British Council’s Virtual Campus and institutions’ own web sites.

D. The practical guide to making the most of your UK experience
This fully updated book features the latest information about study opportunities, traveling to the UK, arranging accommodation, working in the UK, financial and legal matters, and student life.

E. New guide to choosing the right UK course
Every year, The Times newspaper compiles a league table of all the UK's ninety-seven universities. This is published as The Good University Guide, which features over fifty tables ranking universities by degree subject.

F. The magazine that shows why so many international students choose to study in the UK
If you’ve enjoyed reading this magazine and want to keep up with the latest UK student news and views, place your order now for issues 3 and 4.

以下是留英指南图书或杂志的封面，请匹配封面与其对应的简介：


Ⅳ 写作(共两节，满分40分)
第一节 基础写作 (共1小题，满分15分)
    你很荣幸地成为2008北京奥运会的一名志愿者，负责编写奥运比赛项目的英语介绍。
[写作内容]
请根据以下中文提纲，编写射击项目的英语介绍：
背景：射击最初只是生存工具，19世纪末才发展成为一项体育运动。
1896：第一次成为奥运项目
1904：中断
1928：中断
1932：重回奥运会
1968：第一次允许妇女参加奥运射击比赛
现状：稳步发展，1896奥运会只有三项射击项目，现今有17项。
[写作要求]
    只能使用5个句子表达全部内容
[评分标准]
句子结构准确，信息内容完整，篇章结构连贯。

第二节 读写任务 (共1小题,满分25分)
    阅读下面的短文，然后按照要求写一篇150词左右的英语短文。
    Hi, I am Mike. I just went through my first year of college. The toughest part on me at first was the general adjustment.1 went to a very small high school where my mom was a teacher and she did practically everything for me. But at the college I needed to know some basic life skills. such as balancing a check―book, laundry, and the things you have to be able to handle that I never thought of in the high school! It was really tough for me at first and I got badly homesick.
Once that first semester was over and I got used to the college life, I loved it―good facilities, helpful instructors. and a good library. The Students’ Union organizes various parties every week. I also go to cinemas and concerts, and often spend Saturday nights in pubs and clubs.
One thing I think is important is to get yourself active in things. I was on the dance team in college and met a ton of people that way ・・・ it was so much easier to make friends when you had a common ground.

[写作内容]
    学校最近组织了一次中美学生交流活动，你参加其中的“大学校园生活”讨论。听完Mike的发言之后，你准备写一份发言稿，题目是“Preparing Myself for College Life”，内容要点包括：
1. 以约30个词概括Mike的发言要点；
2. 然后以约120个词谈谈你理想的大学生活，内容包括：
  (1) 对中学生活的感受；
  (2) 理想的大学生活；
  (3) 中学生活和大学生活的差别，以及你打算如何适应。
[写作要求]
1. 在作文中可以使用自己亲身的经历或虚构的故事，也可以参照阅读材料的内容但不得直接引用原文中的句子；
2. 作文中不能出现真实姓名和学校名称。





















参考答案
【完形填空标准答案】
21. C. fairies              22. B cruel          23. A sick           24. D unrecognizable       25. A feared 
26. C. replaced          27. D. methods 28. B. stolen       29. D. real                        30. C. place
答案解析：
21. C 指前文的fairies,和下文的they一致。
22. B 跟friendly相对，当然是残酷无情。
23. A 由后文changed so much可知, 且与pale 并列。
24. D由changed so much可知。
25. A 把自己的孩子换走，当然害怕。
26. C 搭配，replace…with… .
27. D 由后文ways可知。
28. B 根据前文逻辑关系可知。
29. D 把自己真正的孩子换回来。
30. C 固定搭配，把Changeling 放在火上。
【语法填空标准答案】
31. Behind         32. to help          33. his          34. this                      35. that 
36. after              37. but                38. higher    39. natural          40. results
答案解析：
31. Behind 这些谚语背后都有有趣的故事。
32. to help 不定式做目的状语。
33. his 让自己的水稻长得快。
34. this 想刚说过的事情用this.
35. that 同位语从句。
36. after 劳累一整天后疲劳。
37. but 根据逻辑关系应该用转折语气。
38. higher 和拔苗之前比较更高。
39. natural 词性变化，应该用形容词。
40. results  Being too anxious to help an event develop 做主语，谓语用单数；客观真理用一般现在时。
【阅读理解参考答案】
41-45  BDBAB                      46-50  CCDCD               51-55  BCBAB
【信息匹配标准答案】
56―60  FECBA



试题（3）科
Ⅱ  语言知识及应用(共两节。满分35分)学科网
第一节  完形填空(共10小题；每小题2分，满分20分)学科网
    阅读下面短文，掌握其大意，然后从21~30各题所给的A、B、C和D项中，选出最佳选项，并在答题卡上将该项涂黑。学科网
    Alfred Nobel became a millionaire and changed the ways of mining，construction，and学科网
    warfare as the inventor of dynamite(炸药)．On April 12，1888，Alfred's brother Ludwig died of heart attack．A major French newspaper _21_ his brother for him and carried an article  _22_ the death of Alfred Nobel．“The merchant of death is dead．”the article read．“Dr．Alfred学科网
    Nobel，who became  _23_  by finding ways to kill more people faster than ever before，died学科网
    yesterday．”Nobel was _24_ to find out not that he had died，but that，when his time was up，学科网
    he would be thought of only as one who profited from _25_ and destruction．学科网
    To make sure that he was _26_ with love and respect．Nobel arranged in his _27_ to学科网
    give the largest part of his money to _28_ the Nobel prizes，which would be awarded to people学科网
    who made great _29_ to the causes of peace，literature，and the sciences．So _30_ ，Nobel学科网
    had to die before he realized what his life was really about．学科网
21．A．found    B．misunderstood    C．mistook D．iudged
22．A．introducing    B．announcing    C．implying D．advertising
23．A．famous    B．sick    C．rich D．popular
24．A．upset    B．anxious    C．excited D．pleased
25．A．death    B．disease    C．trouble D．attack
26．A．repaid    B．described    C．supported D．remembered
27．A．book    B．article    C．will D．contract
28．A．establish    B．form    C．develop D．promote
29．A．additions    B．sacrifices    C．changes D．contributions
30．A．generally    B．basically    C．usually D．certainly
第二节  语法填空(共10小题；每小题1.5分，满分15分)
    阅读下面短文，按照句子结构的语法性和上下文连贯的要求，在空格处填人一个适当的词或使用括号中词语的正确形式填空，并将答案填写在答题卡标号为31～40的相应位置上。
    Jane was walking round the department store．She remembered how difficult _31_ was to
    choose a suitable Christmas present for her father．She wished that he was as easy _32_
    (please)as her mother，who was always delighted with perfume．
    Besides，shopping at this time of the year was not _33_ pleasant experience：people
    stepped on your feet or _34_ (push)you with their elbows(肘部)，hurrying ahead to get to a
    bargain．
    Jane paused in front of a counter _35_ some attractive ties were on display．“They are real
    silk，”the assistant tried to attract her．“W0n}l double the price．”But Jane knew from past
    experience that her _36_ (choose)of ties hardly ever pleased her father．
    Jane stopped where a small crowd of men had gathered．She found some good quality pipes
    _37_ sale．She did not hesitate for long：although her father smoked a pipe only once in a while，
    she knew that this was a present which was bound to please _38_．
    When Jane got home，with her small but well-chosen present in her bag，her parents were
    already _39_ table having supper．Her mother was excited．“Your father has at last decided to
    stop smoking，”Jane _40_ (inform)．
Ⅲ  阅读(共两节。满分40分)
第一节  阅读理解(共15小题；每小题2分，满分30分)
    阅读下列短文，从每题所给的A、B、C和D项中，选出最佳选项，并在答题卡上将该项涂黑。
A
    Lisa was running late．Lisa，25，had a lot to do at work，plus visitors on the way：her parents
    were coming in for Thanksgiving from her hometown．But as she hurried down the subway stairs，
    she started to feel uncomfortably warln．By the time she got to the platform，Lisa felt weak and
    tired--maybe it hadn’t been a good idea to give blood the night before，she thought．She rested
    herself against a post close to the tracks．
    Several yards away，Frank，43，and his girlfriend，Jennifer，found a spot close to where the
    front of the train would stop．They were deep in discussion about a house they were thinking of
    buying．
    But when he heard the scream，followed by someone yelling，“Oh，my God，she fell in!”
    Frank didn’t hesitate．He jumped down to the tracks and ran some 40 feet toward the body lying on
    the rails．“No!Not you!”his girlfriend screamed after him．
    She was right to be alarmed．By the time Frank reached Lisa，he could feel the tracks shaking
    and see the light coming．The train was about 20 seconds from the station．
    It was hard to lift her．She was just out．But he managed to raise her the four feet to the
    platform so that by standers could hold her by the grins and drag her away from the edge．That was
    where Lisa briefly regained consciousness，felt herself being pulled along the ground，and saw
    someone else holding her purse．
    Lisa thought she’d been robbed．A woman held her hand and a man gave his shirt to help stop
    the blood pouring from her head．And she tried to talk but she couldn’t，and that was when she
    realized how much pain she was in．
    Police and fire officials soon arrived，and Frank told the story to an officer．Jennifer said her
    boyfriend was calm on their 40一minute train ride downtown---just as he had been seconds after the
    rescue，which made her think about her reaction at the time．“I saw the train coming and 1 was
    thinking he was going to die，”she explained．
41．What was the most probable cause for Lisa’s weakness?d
    A．She had run a long way．
    B．She felt hot in the subway．
    C．She had done a 10t ofwork．
    D．She had donated blood the night before．
42．Why did Jennifer try to stop her boyfriend?d
    A．Because they would miss their train．
    B．Because he didn’t see the train coming．
    C．Because she was sure Lisa was hard to lifl．
    D．Because she was afraid the train would kill him．
43．How did Frank save Lisa? A
    A．By lifting her to the platform．
    B．By helping her rise to her feet．
    C．By pulling her along the ground．
    D．By dragging her away from the edge．
44．When did Lisa become conscious again?b
    A．When the train was leaving．
    B．After she was back on the platform．
    C．After the police and fire officials came．
    D．When a man was cleaning the blood from her head．
45．The passage is intended to _____________c
    A．warn us of the danger in the subway
    B．show US how to save people in the subway
    C．tell US about a subway rescue
    D．report a traffic accident
B
    We once had a poster competition in our fifth grade art class．
    “You could win prizes，’’our teacher told US as she wrote the poster information on the
    blackboard．She passed out sheets of construction paper while continuing，“The first prize is ten
    dollars．You just have to make sure that the words on the blackboard appear somewhere on your
    poster．”
    We studied the board critically．Some of US looked with one eye and held up certain colors
    against the blackboard，rocking the sheets to the fight or left while we conjured up our
    designs．Others twisted their hair around their fingers or chewed their erasers while deep in
    thought．We had plans for that ten―dollar grand prize，each and every one of US．I'm going to spend
    mine On candies，one hopeful would announce，while another practiced looking serious，wise and
    rich．
    Everyone in the class made a poster．Some of us used parts of those fancy paper napkins，
    while others used nothing but colored construction paper．Some of US used big designs，and some of
    us preferred to gather our art tidily down in one comer of our poster and let the space draw the
    viewer's attention to it．Some of US would wander past the good students’desks and then retum to
    our own projects with a growing sense of hopelessness．It was yet another grown。up trick of the soil
    they seemed especially fond of。making all of US believe we had a fair chance，and then always―
    always--rewarding the same old winners．
    I believe I drew a sailboat，but I can’t say that with any certainty．I made it．I admired it．I
    determined it to be the very best of all of the posters I had seen，and then I turned it in．
    Minutes passed．
    No one came along to give me the grand prize，and then someone distracted me，and I
    probably never would have thought about that poster again．
    I was still sitting at my desk，thinking，What poster?when the teacher gave me an envelope
    with a ten―dollar bill in it and everyone in the class applauded for me．
46．What was the teacher's requirement for the poster?
    A．It must appear in time．
    B．It must be done in class．
    C．It must be done on a construction sheet．
    D．It must include the words on the blackboard．
47．The underlined phrase in paragraph 3 most probably means _____________．
    A．formed an idea for
    B．made an outline for
    C．made some space for
    D．chose some colors for
48．After the teacher’S words，all the students in the class _________．
    A．100ked very serious
    B．thought they would be rich
    C．began to think about their designs
    D．began to play games
49．After seeing the good students’designs，some students _________．
    A．10ved their own designs more
    B．thought they had a fair chance
    C．put their own designs in a comer
    D．thought they would not win the prize
50．We can infer from the passage that the author ______________．
    A．enjoyed grown―up tricks very much
    B．10ved poster competitions very much
    C．felt surprised to win the competition
    D．became wise and rich after the competition
C
    A few years ago I had an“aha!”moment regarding handwriting．
    I had in my hand a sheet of paper with handwritten instructions on it for some sort of editorial
    task．It occurred at first that I did not recognize the handwriting，and then I realized whose it must
    be．I finally became aware of the fact that I had been working with this colleague for at least a
    year，maybe two，and yet I did not recognize her handwriting at that point．
    It was a very important event in the computerization of life―a sign that the informal．friendly
    communication of people working together in an office had changed from notes in pen to instant
    messages and emails．There was a time when our workdays were filled with little letters，and we
    recognized one another's handwriting the way we knew voices or faces．
    As a child visiting my father’S office，1 was pleased to recognize，in little notes on the desks
    of his staff，the same handwriting 1 would see at home in the notes he would leave on the mdge―
    except that those notes were signed“dad”instead of“RFW”．
    All this has been on my mind because of the talk about The Rise and Fall of Handwriting，a
    book by Florey．Sire shows in her book a deep coflceru about the fall of handwriting and the failure
    of schools to teach children to write well，but many others argue that people in a digital age can’t
    be expected to learn to hold a pen．
    I don’t buy it．
    I don’t want to see anyone cut off from the expressive，personal associations that a pen still
    promotes better than a digital keyboard does．For many a biographer，part of really getting to know
    their subjects is learning to read their handwriting．
    What some people advocate is teaching one of the many attractive handwritings based on the
    handwriting of 16th―century Italy．That may sound impossibly grand―as if they want kids to learn
    to draw by copying classical paintings．However，they have worked in many school systems．
51．Why was the author surprised at not recognizing his colleague’S handwriting?
    A．He had worked with his colleague long enough．
    B．His colleague’S handwriting was SO beautiful．
    C．His colleague’S handwriting was SO terrible．
    D．He still had a 10t of WOrk to d0．
52．People working together in an office used to ____________．
    A．talk more about handwriting
    B．take more notes on workdays
    C．know better one another's handwriting
    D．PommlilnieatP bettPr with one anothP，
53．The author’S father wrote notes in pen _________．
    A．to both his family and his staff
    B．to his family in small letters
    C．to his family on the fridge
    D．to his staft on the desk
54．According to the author，handwritten notes _______．
    A．are harder to teach in schools
    B．attract more attention
    C．are used only between friends
    D．carry more message
55．We can learn from the passage that the author __________．
    A．thinks it impossible to teach handwriting
    B．does not want to lose handwriting
    C．puts the blame on the computer
    D．does not agree with Florey
第二节信息匹配(共5小题；每小题2分，满分10分)
    阅读下列应用文及相关信息，并按照要求匹配信息。请在答题卡上将对应题号的相应选项字母涂黑。
    首先请阅读下列儿童读物的封面及基本信息：
    
    
    
    
    
    
    下面是这些书的简要内容。请把相关的内容与它们的书名匹配起来。
56．This picture book explores the life of a tree that has deep roots，long arms，and many
    children．She provides shelter for many animals and bears fruit．The author uses colorful，
    simple，yet detailed watercolor illustrations to convey her words．The charming pictures show
    the many aspects in the life of a tree down to the caterpillars that eat the leaves．It is good for
    pre―school children．
57．This charming picture book highlights the life of a garden，from planting seeds to
    harvesting．With the narrator as guide，the reader is led through a variety of free verse and
    occasionally rhymed poems that fill in the story of a garden and its inhabitants．The pictures．
    delightful watercolors in bright pastels，add to the whimsical feel of the poems．Young readers
    will certainly e-joy this fun and fanciful text．
58．This is a story from 1956 which introduces a little boy who likes to go fishing with a tree limb，
    a wonn，and a pin．Ahhough he never catches anything，on this particular day he finally does
    hook three big ones，but the little one gets away．The boy pulls them home in his wagon and
    his mother cooks them for supper．The swinging rhythms of the text and the good humor
    evident in the illustrations remain fun for the youngest readers．
59．This useful，attractive，oversize volume uses its height well，employing a tree metaphor to
    show the earth’S various kinds of life and how aU living things．from bacteria to the largest
    mammals，are related．Each spread covers one branch of the animal kingdom．To make the
    enormity of species understandable．Strauss equates individual species(e．g．，1 0，000
    bacteria)with one leaf on the tree．
60．This is a story about how a grandfather teaches his eager granddaughter to catch speckled trout
    from the stream in springtime．After a whole day on the lake，only Grandpa is lucky．The next
    morning the young fisherman hurries to the dock alone，and soon she hooks the catch of a
    lifetime．Young readers will appreciate this story that celebrates the special bond between the
    older and younger generation，while brilliant watercolor illustrations capture the beauty of the
    natural world
Ⅳ  写作(共两节，满分40分)
第一节  基础写作(共1小题，满分15分)
    你是校报小记者，最近进行了一次采访。以下是这次采访的情况：
    时间：上周末
    对象：眼科医生(eye-doctor)王教授
    主题：我国中小学生近视(short-sighredness)问题
    基本信息：(1)发生率：略高于50％
    (2)人数：世界第一
    专家解读：(1)原因：很复杂
    (2)治疗：没有哪一种药物能治愈近视
    (3)建议：不要过度用眼；多参加户外活动
    (4)特别提示：如何握笔也和近视有关
[写作内容]
    根据以上情况写一篇采访报道，并包括如下内容：
1．采访的时间、对象和主题；
2．中小学生近视的发生率及人数；
3．专家解读。
[写作要求]
    只能使用5个句子表达全部内容。
[评分标准]
    句子结构准确，信息内容完整，篇章结构连贯。

第二节  读写任务(共1小题，满分25分)
    阅读下面的短文，然后按照要求写一篇150词左右的英语短文。
    Jackie is perhaps the most easily annoyed koala(考拉)at the Featherdale Wildlife Park in
    southern Australia．All the koalas there are unhappy and complaining．You would be too if you were
    used to night activities and someone kept waking you up all day while you were trying to sleep it
    off．That’S right--sleep it off．The average koala is always half asleep because it feeds on the leaves
    of a special kind that makes it sleepy．
    The reason Jackie and her fellow koalas are repeatedly awoken from their deep sleep is SO
    they can be hugged and photographed by tourists，who make the trips to Featherdale and an
    increasing number of other national parks for just that special experience．Whatever department in
    the Aussie government in charge of such things is now moving to make the practice illegal，which
    is understandable．How would you react，my friend，if you were trying to sleep off a dozen times
    and some round，furry creature smelling of grass kept waking you?
    *考拉即树袋熊
[写作内容]
1．以约30个词概括这段短文的内容；
2．然后以约120个词就“该不该禁止游客和动物拍照”进行议论，内容包括：
    (1)人们在参观动物园时为什么喜欢和动物拍照；
    (2)假如你处在那些动物的处境，你会有什么反应；
    (3)你认为是否应该禁止游客和动物拍照。
[写作要求]
1．在作文中可以使用自己亲身的经历或虚构的故事，也可以参照阅读材料的内容但不
    得直接引用原文中的句子；
2．作文中不能出现真实姓名和学校名称。
[评分标准]
    概括准确，语言规范，内容合适，篇章连贯。








	



参考答案
完形填空
A卷：21―25CBCAA??? 26―30DCADB?
B卷：21―25BADBC ?? 26―30ADCBD
语法填空
31. it??????????32. to please??? 33. a?????????? 34. pushed?????
35. where?????? 36. choices????? 37. on??????????38. him???
39. at??????????40. was informed
阅读理解
A卷：41―45DDABC?? 46―50DACDC? ?? 51―55ACADB
B卷：41―45ACDCD 46―50ABBCD?????? 51―60DBDAC
信息匹配
A卷：EADFC
B卷: FCABE
基础写作
??? Last weekend, I had an interview with Professor Wang, an eye-doctor, concerning the issue of short-sightedness of school children in China. According to Professor Wang, slightly more than half of the school children in our country are short-sighted, ranking the first in the world. He also pointed out that the causes for short-sightedness are so complicated that no medicine can cure short-sightedness. He suggested that school children avoid overuse of their eyes and do more out door activities. He particularly reminded us that how to hold a pen is also related to short-sightedness.
读写任务
Should tourists take photos with animals?
???? ?Koalas in wildlife parks can’t fall asleep because tourists keep disturbing them. The movement is thinking to make the tourists’ behaviour illegal to protect the animals.
???? When people are visiting wildlife parks, they like to take photographs with animals. Reasons for this are varied. Some people may think taking photos with animals are funny in contrast with taking photos with other persons. Others may think that it will be an interesting experience to take photos with animals during their visit.
????? If I were an animal in the wildlife park, I would feel annoyed when people keep photographing with me. My life would be greatly influenced and I wouldn’t feel happy at all! I think I should have some private space and time to relax myself.
????? However, I don’t agree if it is announced illegal to take photos with animals. Tourists pay for tickets to visit the wildlife park and it will be a pity for them if they can’t have a photo with an animal. Perhaps wildlife parks can set some special time, during which tourists can take photos with animals. It can both satisfy tourists and protect the animals.








试题（4）
II.语言知识及应用（共两节，满分35分）
    第医 完形填空（共10小题；每小题2分，满分20分）
阅读下面短文，掌握其大意，然后从21-3各题所给的ABC和D项中，选出最佳选项，并填写在答题卡上将该选项涂黑。
   Every country has its own culture.
Even though each country uses doors. .Doors many have__21___functions and purposes which lead to ___22__differences.
When I first came to America, I noticed that a public building had two different__23___ and they had distinct functions. You have to push the door with the word “PUSH” to go out of the building and to pull the door with the word “PULL” to_24_____the building. This was new to me, because we use the ____25__door in south Korea. For quite a few times I failed to go out of a shopping centre and was embarrassed.
The way of using school bus doors was also ____26__to me .I used to take the school bus to classes. The school decided that when the driver opened both the front and back doors,  27_____who were getting off the bus should get off first , and students who were getting on should get on __28__. In south Korea, we do not need to wait for people to get off. One morning, I hurried to the bus ,and when the bus doors opened, I___29____tried to get on the school bus through the front door. All the students around looked at me, I was totally__30____,and my face went red.
21. A.different       B.important       C.practical           D.unusual
22. A.national       B.embarrassing     C.cultural            D.amazing
23. A.exits           B.entrances        C.signs               D.doors
24.A.enter           B.leave             C.open             D.close
25. A.main          B.same             C.front               D.back
26.A.annoying      B.hard              C.satisfying           D.strange
27.A.parents        B.students          C.teachers           D.drivers
28.A.sooner         B.later             C.faster              D.earlier
29.A.politely        B.patiently         C.unconsciously      D.slowly
30.A.embarrassed  B.annoyed         C.unsatisfied          D.excited
 
    第r节 语法填空 （共10笑题；每小题1.5分，满分15分）
阅读下面短文，按照句子结构的语法性和上下文连贯的要求，在空格处填入一个适当的词或受用括号中词语的正确形式填空，并将答案填在答题卡标号为31~40的相应位置上。
Ａ young man,while traveling through a desert,csme across a spring of clear water.______31____water was sweet.He filled his leather container so that he could bring some back to elder _______32____ had been his teacher .After a four-day journey,the young man_____33___.(present) the water to the old man. His teacher took a deep drink,smiled____34_____(warm), and thanked his student very much for the sweet water.The young man went home____35______a happy heart.
After the student left, the teacher let __36___student taste the water. He spit it out, __37___(say) it was awful. Apparently, it was no longer fresh because of the old leather container. He asked his teacher,” Sir, the water was awful. Why did you pretend to like ___38____?”
  The teacher replied,” You tasted the water. I tasted the gift. The water was simply the container for an act of kindness and love. Nothing could be ___39___ (sweet).”
  We understand this lesson best ____40___ we receive gifts of love from children. Whether it is a cheap pipe on a diamond necklace, the proper response is appreciation. We love the idea within the gift rather than the thing.
Ⅲ阅读（共两节，满分40分）
    第医 阅读理解（共15小题；每小2分，满分30分）
阅读下列短文，从每题所给的A、B、C和D项中，选出最佳选项，并在答题卡上将该项涂黑。
   When I was growing up in America, I was ashamed of my mother’s Chinese English. Because of her English, she was often treated unfairly. People in department stores, at banks,
And at restaurants did not take her seriously,did not give her good service,pretended not to 
Understand her,or even acted as if they did not hear her.My mother has realized the limitations of her English as well. When I was fifteen, she used to have me call people on phone to pretend I was she . I was forced to ask for information or even to yell at people who had been rude to her. One time I had to call her stockbroker (股票经纪人).I said in qn adolescent voice that was not very convincing, “This is Mrs.Tan.”
   And my mother was standing beside me,whispering loudly, “Why he don’t send me cheek already two week lone.”
And then ,in perfect English I said : “I’m getting rather concerned .You agreed to send the check two weeks ago, but it hasn’t arrived.”
Then she talked more loudly. “What he want? I come to New York tell him front of his boss.”And so I turned to the stockbroker again, “I can’t tolerate any more excuse. If I don’t receive the check immediately ,I am going to have to speak to your manager when I am in New York next week.”
The next week we ended up in New York. While I was sitting there red-faced, my mother, the real Mrs.Tan, was shouting to his boss in her broken English.
  When I was a tennager, my mother’s broken English embarrassed me. But now, I see it differently. To me, my mother’s English is perfectly clear, perfectly natural. It is my mother tongue. Her language, as I hear it, is vivid, direct, and full of observation and visdom. It was the language that helped shape the way I saw things, expressed ideas, and made sense of the world.
	41.Why was the author’s mother poorly served?
	A.She was unable to speak good English.
	B.She was often misunderstood.
	C.She was not clearly heard.
	D.She was not very polite.
	42.From Paragorph 2, we know that the author was          .
	A.good a nretending
	B.rude to the stockbroker
	C.ready to help her mother
	D.unwilling to phone for her mother
43.After the author made the phone call,             .
A.they forgave the stockbroker
	B.trrny failed to grt the check
	C.they went to New York immediately
	D.they spoke to their boss at once
	44.What does the author think of her mother’s English now?
	A.It confuses her.
	B.It embarrasses her.
	C.It helps her understand the world.
	D.It helps her tolerate rude people.
	45.We can iraer from the passage that Chinese English         .
	A.is clear and natural to non-native peakers
	B.is vivid and direct to non-native speakers
	C.has a verv bad reputation in America
	D.may bring inconvenience in America
B
	When something goes wrong，it can be very satisfying to say，“Well,it’s so-and-so’s fault.”or “I know I’m late，but it’s not my fault；the car broke down.”It is probably not your fault，but once you form the habit of blaming somebody or something else for a bad situation，you are a loser Yoa have no power and could do nothing that helps change the situation. Howevet,you can have great power over what happens to you if you stop focusing on whom to blame and start focusing on how to remedy the situation. This is the winner’s key to success.
	Winners are great at overcoming problems. For example, if you were late because your car broke down, maybe you  need to have your car examined more regularly. Or, you might start to earry along with you the useful phone numbers, so you could call for help when in need. For another example, if your colleague causes you problems on the job for lack of responsibility or ability, find ways of dealing with his irresponsibility or inability rather than simply blame  the person. Ask to work with a different person, or  don’t rely on the person. You should accept that the person. Ask to work with a different person, or don’t rely on this person. You should accept that the person is not reliable and find creative ways to work successfully regardless of how your colleague fails  to do his job well.
This is what being a winner is all about―creatively using your skills and talents so that you are successful no matter what happens. Winners don’t have fewer problems in their lives; they have just as many difficult situations to face as anybody else. They are just better at seeing those problems as challenges and opportunities to develop their own talents. So, stop focusing on “whose fault it is.” Once you are confident about your power over bad situations, problems are just stepping stop on for success.
46. According to the passage, winners        .
A. deal with problems rather that blame others
B. meet with fewer difficulties in their lives
C. have responsible and able colleagues
D. blame themselves rather that others
47.The underlined word remedy in Paragraph 1 is closest in meaning to        .
A. avoid			B.  accept			C. improve 			D. consider
48.When your colleague brings about a problem, you should         .
A. find a better way to handle the problem
B. blame him for his lack of responsibility
C. tell him to find the cause of the problem
D. ask a more able colleague for help
49. When problems occur, winners take them as         
A. excuses for their failures
B. barriers to greater power
C. challenges to their colleagues
D.chances for self-development
50.Which of the following is the best title for the passage?
A.A Winner’s Secret.					B.A Winner’s Problem.
C.A Winner’s Opportunity.				D.A Winner’s Achievement.
C
Food hometimes gets poisoned with harmful things. Aperson who eats such food can get an illness called food poisoning. Food poisoning is usually not serious, but some types are deadly. The symptoms of food poisoning usually begin within hours of eating the poisoned food. Fever is one of the most common symptoms.
Certain microorganisms（微生物）cause most types of food poisoning. Becteria and other microorganisms man poison eggs, meat, vegetabies, and many other foods. After entering the body, these tiny living things release（释放）poisons that make people sick.
Some chemicals can also cause food poisoning. They are often added to food while it is being grown, processes, or prepared. For example, many farmers spray chemicals on crops to kill weeds and in sects. Some people may have a bad reaction to those chemicals when they eat the crops.
Some plants and animals contain natural poisons that are harmful to people. These include certain kinds of seafood, grains, nuts, seeds, beans, and mushrooms.
When people handle food properly, the risk of food poisoning is very small. Microorganisms multiply rapidly in dirty places and in warm temperatures. This means that people should never touch food with dirty hands or put food on unwashed surfaces. Food should be kept in a refrigerator to stop microorganisms from growing. Meat needs to be cooked thoroughly to kill any dangerous microorganisms. People should also wash food covered with chemicals before eating it. Finally, people should not eat wild mushrooms or other foods that grow in the wild. Some of these foods may contain natural materials that are poisonous to humans. In addition, some types of fish can be poisonous.
Most people recover from food poisoning after a few days of resting and drinking extra water. If people eat natural poisons, they must go to the hospital right away to have their stomachs emptied.
51.Which of the following statements is NOT true?
A.Food when poisoned can make people sick.
B.Food poisoning means death.
C.Food poisoning comes in varieties.
D.Food poisoning can be serious.
	52.We know from the passage that the symptoms of food poisoning         .
	A.are always accompanied by a fever
	B.are too common to be noted
	C.can be noticed within hours
	D.can he ignored
	53.Food poiseming can be caused by all the following EXCEPT        .
	A.fome chemicals
	B.low temperatures
	C.some tiny living things
	D.certain naturall materials
	54.From Paragraph 5,we can learn that         .
	A.mushrooms should not be eaten
	B.vegetables are safer than meat and seafood
	C.natural poisons are more dangerous than chemicals
	D.different types of food should be handled differently
	55.It can be inferred from the passage that        .
	A.natural materials are safe in food processing
	B.chemicals are needed in food processing
	C.food poisoning can be kept under control
	D.food poisoning is out of control
	第二节	信息匹配（共5小题；每小题2分，满分10分）
	阅读下列应用文及相关信息，并按照要求匹配信息。请在答题卡上将对应题号的相应选项字母涂墨。
	首先请阅读下列国外媒体上的插图及提示性文字：
	


	以下是关于这些插图的简要评论。请把评论与相关插图及提示性文字匹配起来。
	56.The debate has been raging for years over the safety of,and necessity for, childhood vaccinations, which has been so much so that it is termed“The Vaccine War”.The debate has only a few moments that might beinspiring to those who have been following this now familiar issue.
	57.There are certainly benefits of using a star in a film.It makes the film easier to market. Stars also help sell more tickets and drive DVD sales, which are a big part of studio revenue However, a star does not guaranree success.The simple fact is that if you pay a stay a greal deal of money for a film that people don’t want to see, then it won’t work.
	58.They are barely in their twenties and are already multimillionaires. At the age when many people are looking for their first job, the youngsters of The Sunday TimesRich List are buying country estates or jetting off to their overseas homes.Daniel Radcliffe, for example, who plays Harry Potter, has a fortune of ξ42 million, at 20.
	59.Millions of jobless Americans, who might be suffering in anxiety and lacking a sense of security, are showing up at emergency rooms of stat woned hospitals, contributing to longer waiting time and a higher risk of cursory tranment by overworked doctors and nurses.
	60.Alice Miller, a psychology experts, who died at 87 at home in Provece, filce, on April 14, repositioned the family as a central place of abnormal psychological function with her theory that parental power and punishment lay at the root of nearly all human problems.
Ⅳ 写作（共两节，满分40分）
第一节  基础写作（共1小题，满分15分）
以下是一则关于中国政府决定禁烟的报道的主要内容。
内   容：公共场所禁烟
实施时间：2011年1月1日起
实施范围：全国
目    标：所有室内公共场所无烟
措    施：张贴禁烟标志
相关数据：
（1）吸烟人数：约3.5亿
（2）分    布：男性75％;女性：25％
（3）受二手烟影响人数：约5.4亿
（4）因二手烟死亡人数：超过10万/年
二手烟：second-hand smoke
[写作内容]
请根据以上内容给学校英语墙报写一篇通讯，内容包括：
1.禁烟决定的内容及实施的时间和范围;
2.目标和措施;
3.相关数据。
[写作要求]
只能用5个句子表达全部内容。
[评分标准]
句子结构准确，信息内容完整，篇章结构连贯。
第二节  读写任务（共1小题，满分25分）
阅读下面的短文，然后按照要求写一篇150词左右的英语短文。
In junior high school, one of my classmates, Eithan, was addicted to TV. This boy simply knew everything about such pop shows as Who’s the Boss?
Then one day Ethan’s mother made him an after in order to draw him back to his school subiects. She promised that she would give him $200 if he could go a full month without watching any TV. None of us thought Ethan could do it, but he did quit TV. His mom paid him $200. He went out and bought a TV, the biggest he could find.
	In recent years, hundreds of schools have carried out experiments with paying kids with cash for showing up or getting good grades. All school kids admire this trend. But it upsets adults. Teachers say that we are rewarding kids for doing what they should be doing of their own will.Psychologists warn that money can actually make lies perform worse by making the act of learning cheap. The debate has become a typical hattle over why our kids are not learning at the rate they should be despite decades of reforms and budget increases.
	[写作内容]
	1.以约30词概括上文的主要内容。
	2.以约120词对用金钱鼓励孩子学习的现象进行议论，内容包括：
	(1)你对用金钱鼓励孩子学习的看法：
	(2)你的父母（或其他亲人）是如何鼓励你学习的；
	(3)你认为怎样才能更好地鼓励孩子学习
	 [写作要求]
	1.作文中可以使用亲身经历或虚构的故事，也可以参照阅读材料的内容，但不得直接引用原文中的句子。
	2.作文中不能出现真实姓名和学校名称。
	[评分标准]
	概括准确，语言规范，内容合适，语篇连贯。
	

参考答案
1―5CCDBA 6―10ABDAB 11―15ABADC 16.later 17.until 18.sitting 19.pretended 20.mentally 21.whom 22.he 23.on 24.an 25.all  26―30ADBCB  31―35BCCBA  36―40 ACDBA    41―45BBDAD  46―50FAEDC













试题（5）
Ⅰ. 语言知识及应用(共两节。满分35分) 
第一节  完形填空(共15小题；每小题2分，满分30分)
阅读下面短文，掌握其大意，然后从1~15各小题所给的A、B、C和D项中，选出最佳选项，并在答题卡上将该项涂黑。
It has been argued by some that gifted children should be grouped in special classes, The   1   has been on the belief that in regular classes these children are held back in their intellectual (智力的) growth by   2   situation that has designed for the   3   children.
There can be little doubt that   4   classes can help the gifted children to graduate earlier and take their place in life sooner. However, to take these   5   out of the regular classes may create serious problems.
I observed a number of   6   children who were taken out of a special class and placed in a   7   class. In the special class, they showed little ability to use their own judgment, relying   8  on their teachers’ directions. In the regular class, having no worry about keeping up, they began to reflect   9   on many problems, some of which were not on the school program.
Many are concerned that gifted children become   10   and lose interest in learning. However this   11   is more often from parents and teachers than from students, and some of these   12   simply conclude that special classes should be set up for those who are   13  . Some top students do feel bored in class, but why they   14   so goes far beyond the work they have in school. Studies have shown that to be bored is to be anxious. The gifted child who is bored is an   15   child.
1. A. principle        B. theory        C. arguments      D. classification
2. A. designing        B. grouping      C. learning       D. living
3. A. smart            B. curious       C. mature         D. average
4. A. regular          B. special       C. small          D. creative
5. A. children         B. programs      C. graduates      D. designs
6. A. intelligent      B. competent     C. ordinary       D. independent
7. A. separate         B. regular       C. new            D. boring
8. A. specially        B. slightly      C. wrongly        D. heavily
9. A, directly         B. cleverly      C. voluntarily    D. quickly
10. A. doubted         B. bored         C. worried        D. tired
11. A. concern         B. conclusion    C. reflection     D. interest
12. A. students        B. adults        C. scholars       D. teachers
13. A. talented        B. worried       C. learned        D. interested
14. A. believe         B. think         C. say            D. feel
15. A. outstanding     B. intelligent   C. anxious        D. ordinary
第二节  语法填空(共10小题；每小题1.5分，满分15分)
阅读下面短文，按照句子结构的语法性和上下文连贯的要求，在空格处填入一个适当的词或使用括号中词语的正确形式填空，并将答案填写在答题卡标号为16～25的相应位置上。
One Sunday morning in August I went to local music festival. I left it early because I had an appointment   16   (late) that day. My friends walked me to the bus stop and waited with me   17   the bus arrived. I got on the bus and found a seat near the back, and then I noticed a man   18   (sit) at the front. He   19   (pretend) that a tiger toy was real and giving it a voice. He must be   20   (mental) disabled.
Behind him were other people to   21   he was trying to talk, but after some minutes   22   walked away and sat near me, looking annoyed
I didn’t want to be laughed at for talking to him but I didn’t like leaving him   23   his own either.
After a while I rose from my seat and walked to the front of the bus. I sat next to the man and introduced myself. We had   24   amazing conversation. He got off the bus before me and I felt very happy the rest of the way home.
I’m glad I made a choice. It made   25   of us feel good.
Ⅱ.  阅读 (共两节, 满分50分)
第一节  阅读理解(共20小题；每小题2分，满分40分)
阅读下列短文，从每题所给的A、B、C和D项中，选出最佳选项，并在答题卡上将该项涂黑。
A
In the animal kingdom, weakness can bring about aggression in other animal. This sometimes happens with humans also. But I have found that my weakness brings out the kindness in people. I see it every day when people hold doors for me, pour cream into my coffee, or help me to put on my coat. And I have discovered that it makes them happy.
From my wheelchair experience, I see the best in people, but sometimes I feel sad because those who appear independent miss the kindness I see daily. They don’t get to see this soft side of others often, we try every way possible to avoid showing our weakness, which includes a lot of pretending. But only when we stop pretending we’re brave or strong do we allow people to show the kindness that’s in them.
Last month, when I was driving home on a busy highway, I began to feel unwell and drove more slowly than usual. People behind me began to get impatient and angry, with some speeding up alongside me, horning (按喇叭) or even shouting at me. At the moment I decided to do something I had never done in twenty fore years of driving. I put on the car flashlights and drove on at a really low speed.
No more angry shouts and no more horns!
When I put on my flashlights, I was saying to other drivers, “I have a problem here. I am weak and doing the best I can.” And everyone understood. Several times, I saw drivers who wanted to pass. They couldn’t get around me because of the stream of passing traffic. But instead of getting impatient and angry, they waited, knowing the driver in front of them was in some way weak.
Sometimes situations call for us to act strong and brave even when we don’t feel that way. But those are and far between. More often, it would be better if we don’t pretend we feel strong when we feel weak or pretend that we are brave when we are scared.
26. The author has discovered that people will feel happy when ______.
   A. the offer their help
   B. they receive others’ help
   C. they feel others’ kindness
   D. they show their weakness
27. The author feels sad sometimes because ______.
   A. he has a soft heart
   B. he relies much on others
   C. some people pretend to be kind
   D. some people fail to see the kindness in others
28. What did the other drivers do when they saw the flashlights?
A. They speed up to pass.
   B. They waited with patience.
   C. They tried their best to help.
   D. They put on their flashlights too.
29. In this passage, the author advises us to ______.
   A. handle problems by ourselves
   B. accept help from others
   C. admit our weakness
   D. show our bravery
30. Which of the following is the best title for the passage?
   A. A Wheelchair Experience.
   B. Weakness and Kindness.
   C. Weakness and Strength
   D. A Driving Experience
B
Can dogs and cats live in perfect harmony in the same home? People who are thinking about adopting a dog as a friend for their cats are worried that they will fight. A recent research has found a new recipe of success. According to the study, if the cat is adopted before the dog, and if they are introduced when still young (less than 6 months for cats, a year for dogs), it is highly probable that the two pets will get along swimmingly. Two-thirds of the homes interviewed reported a positive relationship between their cat and dog.
However, it wasn’t all sweetness and light. There was a reported coldness between the cat and dog in 25% of the homes, while aggression and fighting were observed in 10% of the homes. One reason for this is probably that some of their body signals were just opposite. For example, when a cat turns its head away it signals aggression, while a dog doing the same signals submission.
In homes with cats and dogs living peacefully, researchers observed a surprising behavior. They are learning how to talk each other’s language. It is a surprise that cats can learn how to talk ‘dog’, and dogs can learn how to talk ‘Cat’.
What’s interesting is that both cats and dogs have appeared to develop their intelligence. They can learn how to read each other’s body signals, suggesting that the two may have more in common than we previously suspected. Once familiar with each other’s presence and body language, cats and dogs can play together, greet each other nose to nose, and enjoy sleeping together on the sofa. They can easily share the same water bowl and in some cases groom (梳理) each other.
The significance of the research on cats and dogs may go beyond pets ─ to people who don’t get along, including neighbors, colleagues at work, and even world superpowers. If cats and dogs can learn to get along, surely people have a good chance.
31. The underlined word swimmingly in Paragraph 1 is closest in meaning to ______.
   A. early           B. sweetly             C. quickly             D. smoothly
32. Some cats and dogs may fight when ______.
   A. they are cold to each other
   B. they look away from each other
   C. they misunderstood each other’s signals
   D. they are introduced at an early age
33. What is found surprising about cats and dogs?
   A. They eat and sleep each other.
   B. They observe each other’s behaviors.
   C. They learn to speak each other’s language.
   D. They know something from each other’s voices.
34. It is suggested in Paragraph 4 that cats and dogs ______.
   A. have common interests
   B. are less different than was thought
   C. have a common body language
   D. are less intelligent than was expected
35. What can we human beings learn from cats and dogs?
   A. We should learn to live in harmony.
   B. We should know more about animals.
   C. We should live in peace with animals.
   D. We should learn more body languages.
C
A year after graduation, I was offered a position teaching a writing class. Teaching was a profession I had never seriously considered, though several of my stories had been published. I accepted the job without hesitation, as it would allow me to wear a tie and go by the name of Mr. Davis. My father went by the same name, and I liked to imagine people getting the two of us confused. “Wait a minute” someone might say, “are you talking about Mr. Davis the retired man, or Mr. Davis the respectable scholar?”
The position was offered at the last minute, and I was given two weeks to prepare, a period I spent searching for briefcase (公文包) and standing before my full-length mirror, repeating the words, “Hello, class. I’m Mr. Davis.” Sometimes I would give myself an aggressive voice. Sometimes I would sound experienced. But when the day eventually came, my nerves kicked in and the true Mr. Davis was there. I sounded not like a thoughtful professor, but rather a 12-year-old boy.
I arrived in the classroom with paper cards designed in the shape of maple leaves. I had cut them myself out of orange construction paper. I saw nine students along a long table. I handed out the cards, and the students wrote down their names and fastened them to their breast pockets as I required.
 “All right then,” I said. “Okay, here we go.” Then I opened my briefcase and realized that I had never thought beyond this moment. I had been thinking that the students would be the first to talk, offering their thoughts and opinions on the events of the day. I had imagined that I would sit at the edge of the desk, overlooking a forests of hands. Every student would yell. “Calm down, you’ll all get your turn. One at a time, one at a time!”
A terrible silence ruled the room, and seeing no other opinions, I inspected the students to pull out their notebooks and write a brief essay related to the theme of deep disappointment.
36. The author took the job to teach writing because ______.
   A. he wanted to be expected
   B. he had written some storied
   C. he wanted to please his father
   D. he had dreamed of being a teacher
37. What can we learn about the author from Paragraph 2?
   A. He would be aggressive in his first class.
   B. He was well-prepared for his first class.
   C. He got nervous upon the arrival of his first class.
   D. He waited long for the arrival of his first class.
38. Before he started his class, the author asked the students to ______.
   A. write down their suggestions on the paper cards
   B. cut maple leaves out of the construction paper
   C. cut some cards out of the construction paper
   D. write down their names on the paper cards
39. What did the students do when the author started his class?
   A. They began to talk.
   B. They stayed silent.
   C. They raised their hands.
   D. They shouted to be heard.
40. The author chose the composition topic probably because ______.
   A. he got disappointed with his first class
   B. he had prepared the topic before class
   C. he wanted to calm down the students
   D. he thought it was an easy topic
D
In a world with limited land, water and other natural resources (资源), the harm from the traditional business model is on the rise. Actually, the past decades has seen more and more forests disappearing and globe becoming increasingly warm. People now realize that this unhealthy situation must be changed, and that we must be able to develop in sustainable (可持续的) ways. That means growth with low carbon or development of sustainable products. In other words, we should keep the earth healthy while using its supply of natural resources.
Today, sustainable development is a proper trend in many countries. According to a recent study, the global market for low-carbon energy will become three times bigger over the next decades. China, for example, has set its mind on leading that market, hoping to seize chances in the new round of the global energy revolution. It is now tryuing hard to make full use of wind and solar energy, and is spending a huge amount of money making electric cars and high-speed trains. In addition, we are also seeing great growth in the global markets for sustainable products such as palm oil (棕榈油)， which is produced without cutting down valuable rainforest. In recent years the markets for sustainable products have grown by more than 50%.
Governments can fully develop the potential of these new markets. First, they can set high targets for reducing carbon emissions (排放) and targets for saving and reusing energy. Besides, stronger arrangement of public resources like forests can also help to speed up the development. Finally, governments can avoid the huge expenses that are taking us in the wrong direction, and redirecting some of those expenses can accelerate the change from traditional model to a sustainable one.
The major challenge of this century is to find ways to meet the needs of growing population within the limits if this single planet. That is no small task, but it offers abundant new chances for sustainable product industries.
41. The traditional business model is harmful because of all the following EXCEPT that ______.
   A. It makes the world warmer
   B. it consumes natural resources
   C. it brings severe damage to forests
   D. it makes growth hard to continue
42. What can we infer from Paragraph 2?
   A. China lacks wind and solar energy.
   B. China is the leader of the low-carbon market.
   C. High-speed trains are a low-carbon development.
   D. Palm oil is made at the cost of valuable forests.
43. To full develop the low-carbon markets, government can ______.
   A. cut public expenses
   B. forbid carbon emission
   C. develop public resources
   D. encourage energy conservation
44. We can learn from the last paragraph that businesses have many chances to ______.
   A. develop sustainable products
   B. explore new natural resources
   C. make full use of natural resources
   D. deal with the major challenge
45. What is the main purpose of the passage?
   A. To introduce a new business model.
   B. To compare two business models.
   C. To predict a change of the global market.
   D. To advocate sustainable development.
第二节 信息匹配(共5小题；每小题2分，满分10分)
阅读下列应用文及相关信息，并按照要求匹配信息。请在答题卡上将对应题号的相应选项字母涂黑。
首先请阅读下列近期热播的国外影视作品的海报及提示性文字：
A.  When it come to the essential story line, the movie is all about a bird traveling several thousand miles for the purpose of setting up a rare bird family.
B.   Cracks explores the evil force developed within a closed society, the single-minded violence of the mob mentality, and the seductive charm of the heroine.
C.  Eleven years after Sidney Prescott tangled with a mad killer, the Scream series has been exhumed. It was fun and breezy in 1996. In 2011, it’s about as fresh as the whiff.
D.  Soul surfer portrays the comeback spirit and faith of shark attack survivor and champion surfer Bethany Hamilton.
E.   Although it is a better fantasy than a comedy, this movie never fully embraces either side of the dramatic types and ends up a bastard of mixed blood.
F.  This movie is a richer and more compelling thriller involving a cat-and-mouse game than the average roller coaster ride into tension and misery. And it also has a “clean” ending.
以下是这些影视作品的背景简介或故事梗概。请将相关背景简介或故事梗概与影视作品的海报及提示性文字匹配起来。
46. Having spent most of her life in the worlds of Finland and toughened herself with half her teen years’ harsh training as a killer, she decides that she is ready to enter society. Her first mission is to kill Marissa, her mother’s killer. The plan goes much as expected, except the “Marissa” is an imposter. Hanna becomes the prey in a cat-and-mouse game with the real Marissa, causing tension and misery.
47. Blu is a domesticated macaw from the jungles of South America. If Linda, his owner, brings him to Rio, the bird can mate the last female blue macaw and re-start the species. Blu’s encounter with his bride-to-be, Jewel, doesn’t go well, but the two aren’t given much time to get to know each other before a gang of bird-hunters spirits them away. Now it’s up to Blu and Jewel to escape the criminals.
48. Perhaps surprisingly, it works reasonably well until the jokes get in the way, testifying to how durable fantasy clichés are. Yet, considering the talent involved on both sides of the camera, audiences may be expecting more. Even though it emerges from an uncrowded genre in which the competition is sparse, Your Highness is forgettable and it likely won’t take long before it is forgotten.
49. The film begins with the heroine at age 13, already a champion surfer who has been winning trophies since she was 9. On an idyllic Hawaii day, she is practicing for next competition when a shark strikes, biting off her left arm. She makes a quick physical recovery and is back on her surfboard after several weeks, but her spiritual recovery is more complicated as she struggle to believe she can ― and should  ― keep surfing. She goes out their and shows the world she can be a beacon for human soul.
50. The Ghost Face Killer has chosen this year to emerge from the winter long sleep, and his targets appear to be Sidney and those few remaining family members. Scream 4 offers little more than a group of familiar characters wandering around a horror movie setting and uttering self-referential one-liners as the body count mounts. The story is thin and belabored ─ more an excuse to encounter old friends and revel in new gore than the “revision” promised by the promotional material.
Ⅲ. 写作(共两节，满分40分)
第一节：基础写作
以下是一本图书的基本信息及相关报道
基本信息：
⑴书名：Battle Hymn of the Tiger Mother
⑵作者：Amy Chua，美籍华人，耶鲁大学教授
⑶出版时间：2010年
⑷内容：作者用中国传统方式教育两个女儿的故事
⑸效应：引发中美教育方式孰优孰劣的讨论
相关报道：
⑴中文版：2011年初开始在中国销售
⑵意外反应：多数中国妈妈不赞同作者的做法
⑶最新消息：17岁的大女儿已被哈佛和耶鲁录取
耶鲁：Yale   哈佛：Harvard
[写作内容]
根据以上信息写一篇图书介绍，内容包括：
1.图书的基本信息
2.图书的相关报道
[写作要求]
只能用5个句子表达全部内容
[评分标准]
句子结构准确，信息内容完整，篇章连贯
第二节：读写任务
阅读下面短文，然后按要求写一篇150词左右的英语短文
When Sam first got to his boarding school with his parents, he was very happy. He thought he would be able  to go home every weekend. When he was told he would not, he started crying because the thought of not seeing his parents was driving him crazy.
He was given uniforms and all other things that he would need for the term. He started crying when it was time for his parents to leave. He was then taken to the dorm, where he saw other children happy. He tried as much as he could to fit in but could not because his mind was at home. He started feeling homesick (想家) 安定wanted to go homes as soon as possible.
He got sick soon because he could not eat the school food. He could not concentrate in the classroom. All he could think was being at home with his family. He had no mobile phone or other means to get in touch with his parents. He was angry and felt lonely. He thought his parents hated him and that was why they left him in a boarding school.
[写作内容]
1. 以约30个词概括上文的主要内容。
2. 以约120个词讲述一次你（或你的朋友）想家的经历，内容包括：
⑴时间、地点和起因；
⑵想家给学习和生活带来的影响；
⑶你（或你朋友）是如何应对的。
[写作要求]
1.作文中可以使用亲身经历或虚构的故事，也可以参照阅读材料的内容，但不得直接引用原文中的句子。
2.作文中不能出现真实姓名和学校名称。
[评分标准]
概括准确，语言规范，内容何时，语句连贯。




答案
Ⅰ. 语言知识及应用(共两节。满分35分)

　　第一节 完形填空(共15小题;每小题2分，满分30分)

　　1-5.CCDBA 6-10.ABDAB 11-15.ABADC

　　第二节 语法填空(共10小题;每小题1.5分，满分15分)

　　16.later 17.until 18.sitting 19.pretended 20.mentally

　　21.whom 22.he 23.on 24.an 25.all

　　Ⅱ.阅读 (共两节, 满分50分)

　　第一节 阅读理解(共20小题;每小题2分，满分40分)

　　26-30.ADBCB 31-35.BCCBA 36-40.ACDBA 41-45.BBDAD 46-50.FAEDC








